could you react to Bibleman, oh father ted
Stupidest bars in rap songs could be a fun one
Reply: I like this one
Reply: This is a good one
Reply: this one sounds good
making the ultimate yogurt
I know it’s a larger project but I would love to see another incorrect history video.
Reply: I’ve got one in mind I think I’ll be starting work for soon!
Reply: I agree. I doesn’t even have to be related to you. It could be something completely random that you just want to do it on.
rating restaurants based on their ice cream
I want you to simply sit down in front of a camera and eat your breakfast. While this happens, various random activities happen in the back that you just ignore. Staring at the camera as you eat.
Lasanga
Reply: Lasanga
Reply: Reply: Lasanga
Reply: Reply: Reply: Lasanga
Reply: Reply: Reply: Reply: Lasanga
Reply: Reply: Reply: Reply: Reply: Lasagna
Reply: Reply: Reply: Reply: Reply: Reply: >Lasagna
Prove to me that you are, infact, the milkman himself
More things like the bumper stickers woukd be cool, maybe billboards?
Some bad movies I’d reccomend: 

Killer Sofa: demonic sofa comes to life and eats people, riddled with plot holes, always takes itself seriously. Free on Amazon Prime.

We Can Be Heroes: sequel to shark boy and lava girl, but with their kids. Like three plot twists. It’s on Netflix.

Jurassic Shark: some people stuck on an island with a killer shark around them. Really dumb and really clearly amateur. It’s on Amazon Prime. 

House of the Dead: based on the video game. A bunch of teens go to an island, and slowly get killed by zombies. Some weird plot twists and it’s just insane. It’s on Peacock.

Hope my list helped! I have a lot more I’ve watched.
Carrot cake with a zany Ted Nivison twist.
Something related to space chimps
Please dear god anything related to space chimps
Not rlly a video suggestion but do you have any plans to stream during April? Just wondering bc I enjoy your streams a ton! :)
I’d like to see more cooking videos, maybe you bake a loaf of bread but you’re blindfolded or something. Also, love the merch and the videos, keep up the good work!
Reply: I like this idea - it's going on my list
Reply: Reply: Awesome, I can’t wait to (hopefully) see it!
Weird/dumb town names.
Do more movie movie reviews! They’re awesome long firm content but I know they’re a pain to make.
Well, you made the ultimate nut butter so now you should make the ultimate jam to make the ultimate pb&j.
a video that starts with a recap of your trapped in tik tok series where between every video when you’re talking something weird happens in the background that you either don’t or only lightly acknowledge, then after the last tik tok reveal that you are still trapped in the nightmare
Fske history of chocolate milk? Maybe an ancient war between all the cow races created all the different flavors?
React to aliens in the attic, so there’s aliens but their in the attic for abt 5 mins!
Trying every McDonald’s item that isn’t a burger or chicken
PLEASE react to Stealing Las Vegas. The directing professor at my college made it and shows it in like all of his classes and it’s absolute dogshit. On top of it all, he’s just a big ol’ piece of garbage so don’t feel bad making fun of it!
going off the milk theme maybe the history of yogurt (specifically greek)
Movie reviews tend to be your best content imo, so I'd like to see more of that. Also twitch streams
Johnny Pneumonic is a great so bad it's good movie. Starting pre matrix keanu Reeves and Ice T, it takes place in 2021 amidst a global pandemic (yeah, what the hell?) And involves a cybernetic dolphin. What more could you ask for?
Making the ultimate pie (maybe get crazy with the top crust or flavors)
Make another fake history vid but of cake
Hi ted
History of JSchlatt. Fuckin make it up or whatever, I don't care. No one's gonna believe it anyways, the dude's past is up in the air anyways.
Snoop doggs hood of horrors is a masterpiece of a film
There’s an awful, awful movie for free on prime video called los scavengers, and it just needs to be reacted to by someone, anyone
Ranking Peter Caine Dog Training Video's
Y'know how Gus Johnson has been reading Google reviews for places around his small Wisconsin town? Maybe that, but from places in your own hometown

Either that or talk about tourist traps that aren't the Corn Palace. I just wanna hear someone with a huge following rip into Plymouth Rock.

Honestly, I'm cool with whatever you put out Ted. Appreciate ya!
TED MAKES BEEF WELLINGTON
Incorrect History of Donuts. read it and weep
Come to my house pls i live in ohio
"Monkey King: Hero is Back"

It's an animated movie that's ridiculous ACTUALLY STARING JACKIE CHAN. I found it at the dollar store once and it's something lmao.
Reply: [Monkey King: Hero is Back](https://www.amazon.com/Monkey-King-Hero-Jackie-Chan/dp/B01FKPW2I2)
I love the taste testing videos you do (Ultimate nut butter/water testing for example)

Something in the style of that would be fun.

Maybe ice cream? Maybe Chocolate? Maybe Candy? something like that.
Cooking, your cooking videos are amazing and timeless. Try making like, fuckin, dumplings or something hard like that.
Anything you do with Charlie and Schlatt is entertaining, good luck! I'll be sure to watch whatever you put out :D
Giving college students the Ultimate Milk
This family runs a channel where they make fan fiction powerpoints of different movie characters (among other things, it’s a lot). There’s hundreds of them. Would make for such a good video. Watch this one, you won’t regret it (well maybe idk): https://youtu.be/Lctyu0enzOI
The ultimate alcoholic beverage.
Get good discord staff
Make an Ultimate milkshake
“building the ultimate hamburger without the use of my arms”
Funny advertisements with the bois (Schlatt and Slmccl) or a slandering eachother contest
Dance Moms and the Fred Trilogy
review velocipastor movie
Reviewing the godforsaken movie Llamageddon would be amazing. My personal favorite quote from this timeless classic is “there’s something wrong with that fucking llama”
could you react to Bibleman, oh father ted
